You will be doing legal analysis of how you think a court should decide based on the facts below:


In this matter, Frank Goddard was tried on a charge under 21 U.S.C. § 841(a)(1). A key aspect of the evidence concerned whether he had sold crack cocaine to a government informant on multiple occasions. During one particular transaction, Goddard delivered approximately 1.2 grams of crack cocaine, which the informant recorded. Testimony at trial included statements that the informant had purchased narcotics from Goddard four or five times previously and owed him an outstanding debt for prior purchases.

 After a jury found Goddard guilty of possessing and distributing crack cocaine, the discussion at sentencing focused on how much crack cocaine should be attributed to him. The probation officer’s report recommended holding him accountable for a total of six grams, factoring in not only the 1.2 grams from the recorded sale but also a prior amount that could be inferred from the alleged debt owed by the informant. Goddard’s counsel, Mr. Collins, challenged the use of previous transactions to increase the overall quantity and also questioned whether the government’s informant, Mr. Woodard, was reliable.

 During sentencing, the court spoke to both attorneys about the correct guideline range, referencing U.S.S.G. § 2D1.1. There was also discussion about whether Goddard might be eligible for a reduction for acceptance of responsibility under U.S.S.G. § 3E1.1, but the probation officer’s report did not recommend that adjustment. At one point, Goddard personally expressed a desire to speak about Mr. Woodard’s credibility. There was additional conversation about a letter Goddard had allegedly written that might elaborate on factual details.

 In support of Goddard’s position, it was argued that the total drug quantity proposed by the government was not adequately proven under the standards of relevant conduct, given the possibility that the informant’s statements conflated entirely separate transactions or incorrectly converted currency amounts into drug weights. Advocates for Goddard highlighted that, under U.S.S.G. § 2D1.1, a small difference in attributed drug volume could substantially alter the sentencing range. Further, it was argued that Goddard should have the opportunity through allocution to address any factual misstatements, in line with Fed. R. Crim. P. 32(a)(1)(C), and that his personal testimony and letter could reveal mitigating information relevant to the correctness of the sentencing calculations.

 In support of the Government’s position, it was emphasized that substantial evidence indicated Goddard had sold narcotics on multiple occasions to Mr. Woodard, with the recorded transaction, the discussion of an existing drug debt, and trial testimony collectively supporting the attributed six grams. The Government argued that the record showed no indication of Goddard accepting responsibility for the offense, thereby precluding any downward adjustment under U.S.S.G. § 3E1.1. Finally, the Government maintained that previous relevant conduct involving repeated sales was amply confirmed by testimony and other corroborated details of ongoing transactions, raising a plausible inference that the quantity for which Goddard was held accountable was accurate.


Based on the facts above and your knowledge of the law, think step by step to figure out which party should prevail: Frank Goddard or the Government
---FOLLOW-UP QUESTION:--------------------------------
To summarize, which of the two parties do you think should prevail: Frank Goddard or the Government.  Answer with ONLY the string Frank Goddard or the string the Government.