You will be doing legal analysis of how you think a court should decide based on the facts below:


Harper Davis worked at Galaxy Printing, operating a small offset duplicator central to this dispute. Davis was taught to run the machine by observing other employees. The duplicator, when originally provided, had a plastic guard and an electric interlock switch intended to stop the machine if the guard was opened. After being delivered to Galaxy Printing, the guard was removed and the interlock switch was disabled, allowing the press to run while the operator adjusted certain moving parts. 

 Davis testified to knowing the guard was missing and recognizing it was dangerous to place hands near moving parts. However, Davis stated that supervisors pressured saving time by making adjustments to the duplicator while it was running. On one occasion, a sudden noise startled Davis, leading to a serious injury to the left hand. Evidence was introduced that the practice of removing guards and disabling interlock switches was common in the printing industry and often done to increase production efficiency.

 The former distributor of the duplicator, Axon Company, offered testimony indicating that the guard was removed a large percentage of the time by purchasers or users. Additional testimony suggested that the duplicator would operate more efficiently with the guard removed, though there were also statements that similar equipment could be operated adequately with all safety features in place. Davis presented an expert, Dr. Quinn, who testified that the electric switch was not fail-safe, that the plastic guard broke easily and could encourage removal, and that certain design elements effectively required adjustment of eject wheels while the duplicator was running.

 In support of Zeta Tools and Omega Supply, arguments were presented that Missouri law requires proof of a defect present at the time of sale and that any subsequent modification creating a new hazard relieves a manufacturer or distributor of liability. Citations included Jasinski v. Ford Motor Co. and Gomez v. Clark Equip. Co. to emphasize that when a third party’s alteration makes a safe product unsafe, liability does not attach. It was also argued that the duplicator could be operated safely by turning it off before making adjustments and that the guard and interlock mechanism, if left intact, would have prevented the accident. References were made to Winters v. Sears, Roebuck & Co. to suggest that servicing or advising on a product does not extend responsibility for later modifications made by others.

 In support of Harper Davis, arguments were presented that the duplicator was not safe from the outset and that some of its design features practically forced operators to remove or disable safeguards. Citing facts consistent with the reasoning in Restatement (Second) of Torts § 402A, Davis contended that the danger was not solely due to the removal of the guard because the duplicator’s structure and wiring were not fully fail-safe and the guard was prone to damage. The design did not provide external adjustment means for the eject wheels, compelling operators to reach near moving parts with or without a guard. Industry practices, in which a high proportion of guards were removed, were also asserted to show that the product did not meet reasonable safety expectations when actually used in typical printing environments.


Based on the facts above and your knowledge of the law, think step by step to figure out which party should prevail: Zeta Tools and Omega Supply or Harper Davis
---FOLLOW-UP QUESTION:--------------------------------
To summarize, which of the two parties do you think should prevail: Zeta Tools and Omega Supply or Harper Davis.  Answer with ONLY the string Zeta Tools and Omega Supply or the string Harper Davis.